Explain how to run conformance tests (#57)
jspecify/nullness-checker-for-checker-framework: README.md

### Testing

To perform a minimal test, run:

```sh
cd $root_dir/nullness-checker-for-checker-framework
./gradlew test
```

> To run the conformance test suite, run:
> 
> ```sh
> cd $root_dir/nullness-checker-for-checker-framework
> ./gradlew conformanceTest
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the (incomplete) conformance test suite, check out the `main` branch of `jspecify` and run `conformanceTest`:

```sh
git -C $root_dir/jspecify checkout main
cd $root_dir/nullness-checker-for-checker-framework
./gradlew conformanceTest
```

And then also add:

```
To run the (legacy) "samples" test suite, check out the `samples-google-prototype` branch of `jspecify` and run `jspecifySamplesTest`:

```sh
git -C $root_dir/jspecify checkout samples-google-prototype
cd $root_dir/nullness-checker-for-checker-framework
./gradlew jspecifySamplesTest
```
```

Reviewer: (I tried to create a PR onto your branch, but I couldn't get it to work.)

> Note that this only passes because the steps above caused you to check out the `samples-google-prototype` branch of `jspecify`. This way you are running only the tests that are actually *expected* to pass.

Reviewer: Oh, and delete this.
